okay well joining us from KH Unice is Dr
Ahmed Al mrai he's a head of plastic
surgery and the burns department at the
AL NASA Hospital uh a very warm welcome
to you so in the past few days Israeli
air strikes have been Landing only
meters from the NASA hospital it is OB
we've been reporting gaza's last
remaining Hospital how would you
describe the situation there
now yeah uh uh thank you very much for
interviewing me again uh before we
stting actually recording my interview
we just had here uh they were were they
were bombing all over around the the
hospital I I guess you already seen this
bombing yes uh the situation here at NAS
hospital now became very difficult as
you know many of uh evacuated people
already left the hospital and many of
medical personnel now they couldn't
attend the hospital and this put a a lot
of pressure over our heads and over our
shoulders since we have to compensate
and more more more more and more and
more uh yes uh situation uh became more
disaster and I'm asking uh again as
people are passing hundreds per day they
are passing away and how how how many of
us have to die and uh how many days do
we have to go with this horror really I
don't know it is an impossible question
to it is an impossible question for you
to have have to ask I wonder as head of
plastic surgery and the burs Department
there how many patients do you have and
what sort of injuries have you
specifically been dealing
with Believe Me Brother I'm telling you
I have just finished my work at the main
operative theater every day every day
I'm doing 10 cases 10 cases every day
I'm doing I have here at the hospital
hundreds of these patients so I can't
tell you the exact number but every day
we are performing surgeries since the
beginning of this war so you can guess
the number since the beginning of this
war actually we used to do by myself I
used to do around 20 cases now I'm doing
like between like 10 to 15 cases per day
per day we are working continuously
brother so I have here at the hospital
my patients SC scattered because they
are a lot they are scattered at this
hospital at gynecologic at gynecological
department and the orthopedic department
and the be unit everywhere patients is
scattered here here at the hospital they
need key they need care they they need
proper food they need clean water they
need uh how to say they need everything
so this is actually impossible to to
stand more here in this situation and Dr
mcrai we are hearing in the background
as you are speaking the very loud
buzzing sound of aerial vehicles are
those Israeli drones could you explain
what we're hearing
there yes I'm I told you since we start
recording there were there were all over
around bombing around us actually that's
why people like C you know they starting
running away at the the hospital that's
why and actually right now maybe the
ambulance will bring patients from these
explosions or these as as a result of
bombing now the world obviously watched
in great concern with great concern
about what happened at the AL shifer
hospital um close to Gaza City are there
concerns now that a similar situation
will unfold at the a hospital and if so
how are you possibly preparing for
that my God my God I can't tell you this
is this is real horror Real Horror if it
is if this will happen this will be a
real horror this ler hospital is a is
the main hospital now here in Gaza is
the main hospital can you can you
imagine if the Israeli will invade this
hospital it is a real horror will be I I
I pray I pray for God actually this will
not happen please pray for us the at the
outer world this will will not happen we
are not a Target please we are not a
Target don't I don't know I know Israel
they already crossed all red lines and
they did they committed all types of
crimes and they and they attacked
hospitals uh schools everywhere but this
is this is the main hospital here and
the remant hospital at the south south
of Gaza I hope this will not happen I I
can't tell you if this happen I can't
tell you the the the real catastrophic
situation there are Dr amag grabby We
There are some unconfirmed reports at
the moment of attempts to try and reopen
the AL shiffer Hospital in Gaza City are
you hearing any information about that
does that sound even
possible uh actually I have some friends
at alifa hospital at my colleagues at
plastic at birn Department at alifa
hospital some of them actually yeah they
returned back to alifa hospital they are
trying now to operate and work with some
patients at alifa hospital yeah there is
some trials actually to make it happen
at alifa hospital and I hope
so and of course Dr amag grabby all of
this is having a massive impact on
innocent people on women and
specifically children as well bearing
the brunt of this conflict how is this
impacting the very young
yeah actually I can tell you I feel
myself as a surgeon here that the
Israeli are fighting children and woman
innocent people yeah all all officials
are civilians man most of them children
woman civilians they are killing you
know families children you know
civilians every day we I told you um how
many of us have to die really every day
we have hundreds of these innocent
people are passing away I don't know I
don't know how many days do we have to
go with this really situation what about
you personally Dr Al mrab what about you
personally of course this is um a huge
amount of strain is being placed on not
only you but other medical staff trying
to do their jobs in almost an impossible
situation right
now we are trying to do our best
actually for myself maybe most of you
know that my family my children mother
wife are staying with me at this at this
Hospital couple of days back uh when the
Israeli troops they became very closer
to the hospital all of people are
actually evacuated I myself actually on
Friday I took my family to secure them
and in RAF I was trying to find one
thing actually to put my family and come
back to ner I couldn't find a place in
Rafa I couldn't find a tent actually to
put my family it is very populated area
and can you imagine I brought my family
back to Nas and I'm I'm saying at NAS to
face my fate whatever it will cost I'll
be here at NAS with my family there is
no place to get to go this is no safe
place and ra is populated area no clean
water no food nothing there even I
couldn't find a tint for my family there
can you imagine that so I brought my
back to
the Dr Ahmed alag grai it's been uh
really important to hear your firsthand
testimony of what life is like there at
the moment all the best to you and your
family and many thanks for joining
us thank thank